							Alternate Reality the Dungeon
											
											Money
											
GOLD:

This is used to by most general in games items.  Such as weapons, armour, food, torches

GEMS

Harder to come by than gold but is used to enchant weapons, armour or a few other secret items

											Misc
											
TORCHES:

A dungeon is a very dark place.  You can't make it most places without them.  In a pinch can be used as a weapon.

FOOD:

How can any adventure expect to be successful on an empty stomach.  Besure to stock up on food.											
											
															
							Charecter Stats
							
STAMINA:
						   
This proficiency allows a character to perform continuous strenuous physical activity 
for twice as long as other characters before succumbing to fatigue and exhaustion.
Stamina is important if you're to survive. This Stat determines your health, endurance, and resistance to magic.
						   
CHARISMA:

Charisma measures a character's force of personality, force of will, persuasiveness, personal magnetism, 
ability to lead, and physical attractiveness. This ability represents actual strength of personality, 
not merely how one is perceived by others in a social setting.

Charm determines how other life forms react to you. The higher your Charm, the better your chances are for making friends.

STRENGTH:

Strength measures a characters ability to exert physical force. A character with high Strength
can lift heavier objects, carry more gear without being overloaded, break things with brute strength,
shove and grapple creatures more effectively, and is more accurate and more effective with melee weapons.

Strength is crucial when you're fighting. The stronger you are initially, the better, 
since you enter The Dungeon armed with nothing but your bare hands.
Later, when you acquire Weapons, your expertiese with them depends on Strength and Skill.
 Strength also determines the size and number of combat implements you can carry. .

INTELLIGENCE:

Intelligence determines how well your character learns and reasons.
Intelligence is crucial for casting Spells. Tricking enemies also depends on this Stat, 
but Tricking is an Evil act (see Moral Alignment).

WISDOM:

Wisdom measures a character's practical intelligence, their cleverness, their perceptiveness, and how in tune 
they are with the world around them. Characters with high Wisdom are perceptive, observant, and sensible.
Wisdom enhances your Intelligence. It's the Stat that determines how many Spells you can learn and how easily you're able to identify Potions.

AGILITY:

Agility encompasses a number of physical attributes including hand-eye coordination, reflexes,
fine motor skills, balance and speed of movement; a high dexterity score indicates superiority in all these attributes.
Agility helps you avoid blows from an adversary. 

HIT POINTS:

Hit Points are very important: the more you have, the harder you are to kill (death occurs when Hit Points go to 0)!
As you ascend Character Levels, Hit Points increase.
															
						         Charecter Classes

Paladin:

Compared with other classes the paladin class has one of the most restrictive codes
of conduct and paladin characters are expected to demonstrate and embody goodness.
"Wisdom (WIS) followed by Strength are most important stats for a Paladin"


Cleric:

Clerics are versatile figures, both capable in combat and skilled in the use of 
divine magic (thaumaturgy). Clerics are powerful healers due to the large number of healing and
curative magics available to them. With divinely-granted abilities over life or death, they are
also able to repel or control undead creatures.

Wisdom (WIS) is your most important stat, followed closely by INTELLIGENCE (INT).
					
Rogue:

As adventurers, rogues fall on both sides of the law. Some are hardened criminals
who decide to seek their fortune in treasure hoards, while others enter a life of adventure to escape
from the law. Others have learned and perfected their skills with the explicit purpose of infiltrating
ancient ruins and hidden crypts in search of treasure.

Skill (SKI) followed by Intelligence (INT) are important stats for a Rogue"
						
Hunter:
A hunter finds its place as a bulwark between civilization and the terrors of the wilderness. 
Despite its namesake, tracking mere game is only a minor task in the hunter's repertoire of expertise. 
Its specialized battle techniques can fell rampaging ogres to hordes of orcs.

Stamina (STA) is an important skill for a Hunter"

Warrior:

Warriors share an unparalleled mastery with weapons and armor, and a thorough knowledge
of the skills of combat. They are well acquainted with death, both meting it out and staring it defiantly
in the face. Fighters share an unparalleled mastery with weapons and armor, and a thorough knowledge of the
skills of combat. They are well acquainted with death, both meting it out and staring it defiantly in the face.

Strength (STR) is an important skill for a Warrior

Bard

A bard is traditionally defined as a poet, especially one who writes impassioned, lyrical,
or epic verse.  bards are a playable class centered on the idea of accessing magic through some form of artistic expression

Charisma (CHA) is an important skill for a Bard